Terminally ill? What terminal illness?
Godfather to tell you the truth
I have been suffering from cancer for six months
The body is getting worse
In fact, this is no ordinary party
This is actually a memorial service. Go
I also want to walk in style
Godfather, why didn't you tell me you had a terminal illness?
I'll find a way for you and tell you what's the use.
I'm terminally ill
No medicine can cure it
Although I have a lot of money
I'm in much better spirits now.
Xiao Xu's medicine is indeed miraculous
Since this is the case, it means that this medicine is destined for you.
I just gave the medicine to someone who is destined
Xiao Xu Ke can really say
You are my savior
How dare you?
Yes, you will definitely live a long and healthy life.
How can I live a long and healthy life without you?
How about you be my godson?
Mr. Huang, can't you do that?
If I were your godson
How sad is your other godson?
that
Let's say goodbye
Better than brothers
That's not a bad idea.
This is a bow
We are brothers
come
These are all our witnesses.
From now on, Xiao Xu will be my iron buddy
Who can't get along with Xiao Xu?
It's just that I can't get along with my Wang
Zhao Zixuan
Your godfather and I are brothers
Are you supposed to call me Uncle?
Yes, yes, Zixuan is called uncle.
Why do you look down on my little brother?
It's agreed, godnephew
The previous account is written off
Everyone drink